What we are going to do is cover the
training objectives and expectations from all of you.
This is not like a one time done and dusted training, you,
you will have to continuously apply these
skills within your engagements within your projects
and have discussions with your clients.
So let me tell you the difference between the three trainings.
First,
there are three trainings that we have launched based
on the role that you are going to play
most of you on today's training fall under the delivery practitioner,
which is for levels uh right from CL 12 up to CL seven,
there are two other trainings if you wish to uh
get or graduate or post graduate into an automation architect,
that would be your next part uh which is for cl nine to CL four,
but it is only applicable for selected and nominated people
as it's a very rigorous course and more duration.
Those who are moving on to the project management path,
going to become delivery leads or technology service leads CL six.
And uh to above
uh they can graduate into the uh the first course mentioned here.
Now, most all the three courses have more or less similar
uh self learning courses that you have done.
I have myself gone through all the self learning courses
and I have also recommended few additions to be done
what you would have covered in the level one course so far,
uh you have gone through the talent question.
You would have gone through the basics of uh A I and ML
you would have learned what is JA
I and applying practically on applications using API S and chat GP T.
Uh You would have gone through the JA
I essentials which covered the overview LLM models.
How does it work? What is responsible A I
legal aspects and security aspects around applying gen A I
and then you did some grounded foundational hands
on work understanding what is prompt engineering,
which is very essential for applying gen A I use cases.
Uh What are the basics of vector data
stores and what are the different ecosystem tools
coming up in the market?
The few short courses that I have recommended and will get added very soon.
Uh These are, these are not mandatory for you to complete today's class,
but after you complete today's class, you can go and complete the other ones
that will get you knowledge about uh
the transformers architecture,
what are embeddings and how to use embeddings to
build your own custom applications on JA I.
Uh you will have some extra hands on, on prompt engineering,
especially focusing on pair programming.
And if you are interested, there are two additional optional courses.
One is on how to use github
Copilot, especially if you are developers getting started with it.
And second is on fine tuning of the LLN
what you will learn today,
you will have details around what is the accenture differentiation of assets.
So accenture,
invest a lot in building competitive differentiation
and those are the assets that you will go through at a high level.
You will understand the architecture around it
and how it works along with the other ecosystem tools.
And most of the time you will be doing hands on
either using directly LLM models, prompt engineering
or focusing on the use cases on ems I MS SI custom S ISA P
uh using the accenture assets. So that's going to be your entire course content.
As I said,
if you wish to graduate into the other two courses based on your eligibility,
you feel free to do that later on.
Now, what's expected out of you and the objective
there has been a very significant progress on gen A I
within the managed services world as well as the system integration work.
Now,
we have to keep our competitive differentiation high compared to our competitors.
Everybody is working on this. So that's not new.
And if we don't keep our competitive differentiation high,
our growth gets hindered and our delivery also gets entered.
So you need to understand what is the differentiation accenture brings on the table
and you should be able to have those
level of conversations with your clients within your engagements
as and when needed.
That's what you will learn. And you are expected to know that very thorough.
Second,
the ways of working or ways of delivery are evolving from new to it has become new,
new or not new.
And the genea
is very
uh entrenched within every activity, every task that you do.
So that changes the me earlier mechanics of
uh you will have a very thorough documentation, step by step instruction.
No, you will not.
You will have to figure out mechanics on how to automate your task,
how to automate your activities,
how to quickly move from one activity to the next activity
without changing the context.
And these are very evolving. Not everything is thorough and put on paper,
you will learn yourself as you go through it.
And all of these at the end of the day
improves productivity
and reduces cost. So that's the bottom line.
That's the expectation.
So you should learn, what are these use cases that you can automate using gen A I,
how to apply responsible A I
and prepare yourself to adopt the new ways of working.
Third, if you look at the landscape of the tooling,
it's that is also evolving very fast.
Many LLM models. What are these different type of LLM models? When should I use?
Which one?
When should you fine tune versus when should you use?
Prompt engineering and prompt tuning,
uh which ecosystem tools you should use?
What's the best one applicable to your work?
What are the implications from legal and security angle?
What are the new skills that you will require?
Whether it is prompt engineering, vector data stores,
embeddings and how to apply that so on and so forth.
So you need to understand the basics of all.
You will not go through detail in each of them.
But once you understand the basics and foundation based on your project work,
you will be able to go through it in detail later on and apply and use it.
Four,
everything comes down to improving productivity and your efficiency.
We have done more than 100 pilots in quarter one
and the objective of the pilots was to understand what is
the applicability of JA I on our day to day work.
Uh once it is applied, what is the productivity improvement,
we will be able to get out of that
and then going back and revising our productivity guidelines
which has already been revised for application maintenance,
infrastructure, engineering
and si custom and si platforms is coming up soon
now that the productivity guidelines have been revised every new contract,
every new deal that we are working on
will have JA I Embedded
and it will come with an incremental productivity.
On top of what we used to offer earlier,
even our existing engagements with clients existing contracts.
We have already started discussions with clients on
getting to the next step of applying JA I automation.
So what are you required to do?
You have to gain experience on what are the it use cases using the accenture assets
and understand how these can help you improve the productivity.
And finally,
once you take what will be the takeaway when you go back to your projects,
the expectations are very high.
If we don't do this, now, somebody else will do it and grab the work.
It is expected that accenture being the leader in the
entire
landscape,
we will be applying this now and proactively taking this to our clients.
So you have to get ready to identify the
A I and JA I automation opportunities within your work
and start on the automation journey in your own engagements.
Don't expect anybody from outside or a central
team will come and implement anything for you.
The central team is here to enable you on how to adopt,
how to apply how to use the assets.
But you have to figure out what are the use
cases and start the journey on your own engagements.
So that's the expectation from all of you with that. I wish you a very happy learning,
enjoy the continuous learning and keep that throughout the year.